Modify rule S5860: Adapt to LaYC (#2236)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5860/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

When using a regular expression, a capturing group provides extra information about the matched pattern. Named groups will store the matched contents on the `groups` property of the returned matches.

> This rule raises issues every time named groups are:

Reviewer: How about mentioning the impact of each case?

== Why is this an issue?

When using a regular expression, a capturing group provides extra information about the matched pattern. Named groups will store the matched contents on the `groups` property of the returned matches.

[source,javascript]
----

> const { groups: {month, year} } = new RegExp("(?<month>[0-9]{2})/(?<year>[0-9]{2})").exec("01/02");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const regex = /(?<month>[0-9]{2})\/(?<year>[0-9]{2})/;
const { groups: {month, year} } = regex.exec("01/02"); // month is '01', year is '02'
```

----

> This rule raises issues every time named groups are:

Reviewer: I would move "named groups" to each bullet point
```suggestion
This rule raises when:
```

> * defined but never called anywhere in the code through their name;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* named groups are defined but never called through their name;
```

[source,javascript]
----
const score = "14:1";
const scorePattern = new RegExp("(?<player1>[0-9]+):(?<player2>[0-9]+)"); // Noncompliant - named groups are never used

if (scorePattern.exec(score)) {
  checkScore(score);
}
----

> * defined but called elsewhere in the code by their number instead;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* named groups are defined but called by their index;
```

[source,javascript]
----
const datePattern = new RegExp("(?<month>[0-9]{2})/(?<year>[0-9]{2})"); 
const dateMatcher = datePattern.exec("01/02");

if (dateMatcher) {

>   checkValidity(dateMatcher[1], dateMatcher[2]);  // Noncompliant - numbers instead of names of groups are used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  checkValidity(dateMatcher[1], dateMatcher[2]);  // Noncompliant - group indexes are used instead of names
```

}
----

> * referenced while not defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* named groups are referenced while not defined.
```

[source,javascript]
----
const datePattern = new RegExp("(?<month>[0-9]{2})/(?<year>[0-9]{2})"); 
const dateMatcher = datePattern.exec("01/02");

if (dateMatcher) {

>   checkValidity(dateMatcher.groups.day)); // Noncompliant - there is no group called "day"

Reviewer: Still nothing about the impact. Will this throw? or return `undefined`? or what?
